Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/pci-dss/rootkit-detection.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: PCI DSS is a proprietary information security standard for organizations that handle branded credit cards. Learn more about rootkit detection to use Wazuh for PCI DSS compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Wazuh rootkit detection helps you to meet PCI DSS requirements related to intrusions and malware in general. Learn more about this subject here.
```
